gh-104770: Let generator.close() return value (#104771)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-05-23-00-36-02.gh-issue-104770.poSkyY.rst

> If a generator returns a value after being closed, the value is returned
> by :meth:`generator.close`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a generator returns a value upon being closed, the value is now returned
by :meth:`generator.close`.
```

(We need to be clear on which behaviour is the new one).
